The first vulnerability you looked at on the Windows system,
is shared folders and files.
Let me show you a way to look at shared folders and
files that you could have used for this exercise.
You can go to the Windows Start,
right click, select Computer Management.
In the Computer Management window,
you see the Shared Folders area.
Left click the little arrow next to Shared Folders and you see Shares.
If I click on that,
this shows you the file shares available on this PC.
Here's the one we created earlier,
the whatever folder on the cyber admin desktop.
If I double click on it,
it shows me what it is and who can see it.
For example, everyone who can log into this PC can read its contents.
This is not a folder I would want to have any sensitive information in.
If there was, I would unselect "Read",
click "Apply" or "Okay",
and that takes away everyone's permission to be able to read the contents of this folder.
As a part of a security assessment,
you should review the file shares to ensure they're appropriate and
that only the ones who need to have access to it can see,
read, or change it.